Microsoft Visual C++ 2008
=========================

Static library
--------------

In order to build SCEW as a static library you need to select one of
the following configurations:

  - Static Debug
  - Static Debug UTF-16
  - Static Release
  - Static Release UTF-16

The "Debug" configurations will build the library without
optimizations. By contrast, the "Release" configuration will build the
library with optmizations enabled.

It is also necessary to add a preprocessor define "XML_STATIC" which
is also the one used by Expat (thus, Expat and SCEW will be statically
linked). This define will also enable automatic static library
inclusion for your application, so there is no need to add a library
dependency in your project properties. You only need to include
"scew/scew.h" in your source code.

#include <scew/scew.h>

The output files for the static libraries are:

  libscewMT(w)(d).lib           The static library

where:

  "MT"          Multi-threaded runtime library.
  "w"           indicates the UTF-16 version.
  "d"           indicates the debug version.

Note that, by default, SCEW will be built for the "Multi-threaded"
(/MT) runtime library. If you want to build SCEW for another runtime
library you first need to change your project properties (Code
generation), and then, to avoid confusion, update the output file name
(Linker) to, for example, libscewMD.lib. Where "MD" would be for the
"Multi-threaded DLL" (/MD) runtime library.

As SCEW will automatically try to include the correct static library
for your application, "scew/scew.h" should be also updated:

#define SCEW_LIB_M "MD"



Shared library
--------------

In order to build SCEW as a shared library (DLL) you need to select
one of the following configurations:

  - Debug
  - Debug UTF-16
  - Release
  - Release UTF-16

All the options have the same meaning as in the static library. The
only difference between both is the output files and how to use them
in your application.

The output files for the shared libraries are:

  libscew(w)(d).dll             The shared library
  libscew(w)(d).lib             The import library

where:

  "w" indicates the UTF-16 version.
  "d" indicates the debug version.

Then, in a your application, you need to include a library depency
(Linker) to "libscew(w)(d).lib". Note that, here, we are using the
".lib" file, not the ".dll" one.

Finally, you just need to copy your SCEW DLL library in a system path
or, simply, in the directory where your executable resides.
